improve sorce.url documentation in rockspec format (#1772)
luarocks/luarocks: docs/rockspec_format.md

      * `hg+http://` - for the Mercurial source control manager using repositories that need http:// URLs
      * `hg+https://` - for the Mercurial source control manager using repositories that need https:// URLs
      * `hg+ssh://` - for the Mercurial source control manager using repositories that need SSH login
      * `http://` - for HTTP URLs to archive file
      * `https://` - for HTTPS URLs to archive file
      * `sscm://` - for the SurroundSCM source control manager
      * `svn://` - for the Subversion source control manager

>       * **Important:** A source control manager URL cannot start with `http://` `https://`, `ftp://` or `file://`. For example, `https://github.com/keplerproject/wsapi.git` is incorrect, even though it works perfectly fine with `git clone`. The correct one is `git://github.com/keplerproject/wsapi.git`. Also note that only for GitHub URLs `git://` is being treated the same as `git+https://`. This is due to [GitHub's increased security](https://github.blog/security/application-security/improving-git-protocol-security-github/) and preserving backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * **Important:** A source control manager URL cannot start with `http://` `https://`, `ftp://` or `file://`. For example, `https://github.com/keplerproject/wsapi.git` is incorrect, even though it works perfectly fine with `git clone`. The correct one is `git+https://github.com/keplerproject/wsapi.git`. Also note that only for GitHub URLs `git://` is being automatically handled internally as if it was `git+https://`. This is due to preserve backwards compatibility while still working with [GitHub's increased default security](https://github.blog/security/application-security/improving-git-protocol-security-github/) measures in blocking insecure connection types.
```
